hello everyone its Alena and I'm back
for another video and today I'll be
doing my room tour and I'm so excited to
do this because I love decorating so
moving to a new dorm is always really
exciting for me and this is a normal
student accomodation in st. John's
College at the University of Cambridge
and I'm in a set which means I have a
room here but then also a friend of mine
has a room here and we share kitchen in
the bathroom so yeah I'm going to show
you guys my room because her room is
private and if you guys want to see what
the room looked like before I decorated
it I shown it in my first vlog and you
can find it linked up here and also
linked in the infobox below and if you
guys are interested in any of the things
that I'm showing if I manage to find
them on the internet then I will have
them linked in the infobox below for you
guys and yeah let's get into it so this
is what my room looks like or when you
walk into it and you can see it's quite
spacious and I really really like the
left so much space this year which is
pretty cool I mean there are a few doors
in my room so this door leads to the
room of my friend where she's staying
and then this is our exit and then here
that's the door to our bathroom and
that's the door to our kitchen I showed
these in another vlog so if you guys
interested in those you can take a look
at that blog it's giving into any info
box below but we're gonna take a look at
this room and I'm going to show you guys
the different corners and why I arranged
it the way I did so on these first few
shelves I just keep my personal books or
books that I read for fun and one
massive dictionary because I've never
had space for this and then some towels
and all my folders unfortunately in this
room although it has a lot of space they
didn't really use the space that well
because for example here it goes just to
put a few more shelves of drawers but
they didn't so that's why I didn't
really have space for my towels so I
just put them up here and then I put all
my folders for my subjects next to it
and then here we just have my personal
books and a lot of paper clips because I
use paper clips a lot for some reason so
I just keep all of them here and then
here I have it a box with my stapler and
post-its and things that I just use a
lot and then just two notebooks and a
couple DVDs that I like and then down
here is my laundry basket and they also
keep my shoes right in front of it so
that I don't have to look for them every
day and then here's my little chill
corner so that's why I have my couch and
I can just you know sit down and relax I
have to admit
I wasn't very fond of the couch at first
but it is super super comfortable so
that's why I decided to keep it even
though it isn't really the prettiest but
I feel like the pillows that you know
makers of friends and we also found some
flowers which are matching and this
great face which we got from Wilco I
really really like it and I feel like it
matches the room very well and the
flowers are fake obviously because the
responsibility of fresh flowers was just
not for me
um but you know they will look nice
throughout the year so that's great and
then up there we have a pin board and
the pin board normally looks a bit
different but I just put some marbled
vinyl over it so that it looks a bit
prettier and I really really like the
effect that it has I actually thought
that it was going to be a bit lighter
but I really like the great effect it
has I think it looks pretty cool I also
put that on my other pin board so that
you know they look the same and then up
there I have my deer head which I got
off Amazon and I think this just looks
really really amazing I love this wing
so much and I just put it up using a pin
because the pin board is very very thick
so once you get your pin in there it can
hold something that weighs quite a bit
and then down here I have these three
baskets and my fairy lights the reason I
put my fairy lights in these baskets is
that I'm not allowed to put anything on
the walls in my room because it was
freshly painted so I had to find a way
of putting my fairy lights up without
them touching the walls but I think it
actually looks really really great with
them being in the baskets and I quite
like the effect that it has and so yeah
that's what my chill place looks like
and of course I still have my pink
coffer because pink is my favorite color
and I really really love this carpet and
then over here we have all my academic
books my printer and my desk and my desk
this year is massive I guess there's so
much you can put on it which is really
really great because sometimes in law
you just have to have a lot of books
open so it's really really useful so on
my desk I have this one basket where I
just keep general information that's
important that you know I need to access
quite a lot so for example like our
grading criteria and stuff like that
library things our timetable everything
is just in here so that I can have
access to it immediately and then some
tissues because that's always good and
my Berlin post card which has been with
me for a very long time
I literally had this when I was in
boarding school in Hong Kong and it's
still here so yeah it's been moved MIA
for a while and then all my highlighters
and a little reminder of my rabbit at
home because I have a little white
rabbit and my mom gave this to me while
I was still Hong Kong and I was doing my
exams so it's kind of a special memory
that's why I keep a ham and then I have
my motivational jar so you know in case
I have a day where I'm just not really
feeling motivated to do work I pick a
quote out of this John I look at it and
it usually helps me quite a bit to just
you know get back to focusing and then
here I just have some things that I'm
working on right now because I'm doing
some readings and then my calendar a lot
of pens and then my agenda where usually
keep track of things and write down some
important tasks and then here this is a
little thing where I just keep basically
a lot of post-its and a notebook it just
brings you to where I can take notes on
and my water bottle and then here we
have my printer and then I have this
book which I'm really really useful
because you can just you know put things
into it that you receive like I usually
use it just you know put like mail into
it that I get that is like not super
urgent so for example like events or
things and I can look at it in like a
few days it just doesn't fly around the
room so I really really like it and then
here I just stole all my makeup because
I do my makeup at my desk so it's just
really useful that it's close by so that
I can just grab it in the morning and
then here we have my academic books
which are quite a lot of books and I
have to say you don't need these many
books to go through law school okay not
so by no means I think probably you can
get by of like fifty percent of it but
personally I like to read quite a bit on
my subjects and as you write in to my
books so for me it is really really
beneficial to buy my books because I
just write into them and it really
really helps me when I study so that's
why I have these many books but you
don't need to buy these many books if
you're in law school so please don't
worry about that and then up here we
have this golden pineapple we're just
completely pointless
feel like it looks pretty cool I also
have no idea why I bought it
last year but I think it looks cool I
like it as a decoration so that's why
it's up there and yeah that's my desk
and all my academic books and then here
the desk has a few drawers which I have
to admit only one of them is for
academic things and the rest is just
clothes because my wardrobe this year is
just pretty small
that's my wardrobe and last year's
wardrobe was about double the size so
that's why I had clothes in England for
double the size of a wardrobe so I
needed to find places to store it in and
that's why I also in here to have two
drawers our clothes because in this
wardrobe not or not was fitting into it
so you can see I put some things on
hangers which just needs to be on
hangers and then I have this little item
where I can just you know roll a few
things and put them in but that's about
it so I needed some extra space but the
really really great thing about this
wardrobe is it has a mirror because last
year's wardrobe didn't have a mirror but
this year it does have a mirror which is
pretty cool because I really really
appreciate that since last year I didn't
really know how my outfits look
sometimes I just went with it and then
here I just you know have all my jewelry
on this little tree and then some more
here and I keep my key in this little
jar this is something that I'm currently
experimenting with I don't know if it's
a good thing or not uh-huh but I
normally don't have a designated place
for my team so I'm trying out whatever
this is helping me to just you know make
sure that I was happy with me and that I
know where to look for it and I just
have my university card and my lipstick
which I need a lot here and my sleeping
mask because I do sleep with sleeping
masks and I have a roommate who you know
can walk through here and I'm usually
one who goes to bed first so sleeping
mask is just really really great because
it makes sure that you don't wake up if
there's any extra light because
someone's coming in later than you and
then here's my bed nothing has really
changed here in comparison to last year
I still have this blanket which I got
for a few dollars at Walmart and I think
it's so so pretty I've had it for years
but I love it and I think it's really
really cozy and then I have this rabbit
here which is just a reminder of my
rabbit at home and of Hong Kong and then
we have another little rabbit here and
then just here my pillows and
a photo of my actual rabid so yeah in
case you hadn't realized by now I do
have a rabbit I love her a lot so that's
what you know she's represented all over
this room because I miss her quite a bit
whenever I'm abroad and then here I just
keep two of my coats which I frequently
wear so I can just grab them on my way
out and then there's this pin board
which isn't really being used at the
moment I'm not sure if I will the great
thing about this vinyl is that now that
it's up posted stick a lot easier to
versed and it is to the actual pin board
because the pins that you can use for
these pin boards they're really really
hard to get into the pin boards because
the pin words are so fake so I prefer to
use posters but I'm not really sure what
you use this for because I don't really
need it I'm thinking of maybe putting up
my schedule but I don't really need that
either because I have it digitally so I
might just leave it like this because I
actually like the way that the pin board
looks because I think the vinyl is quite
beautiful
so I'm not really sure if anything is
going to change with that board now I
should also show you guys the view
because this room has an amazing view so
you can see the river and you can also
see the Masters Lodge of the college and
you can see some of the older buildings
of the college including the library
which is just really really amazing and
you can occasionally see people punting
by which is pretty fun and I removed the
curtains because I don't really mind
having an open window I had windows with
no curtains in boarding school for a
year and I didn't mind it so it doesn't
really bother me and I just put these
shapes up instead because I just think
that was a cooler effect in the curtains
the curtains weren't really that pretty
and they had a few stains so I just put
these shapes up instead and I think they
look quite pretty and I had one of these
shapes left so I just put them down here
I bought these off Amazon and they're
supposed to go on the walls I had them
on my walls last year and it's a really
really great effect but unfortunately
since I'm not allowed to put anything on
the walls this year they're just you
know hanging or lying around and then I
just have two candles here which I'm not
allowed to light because you know I know
how to light candles in college but I
think they're quite decorative and
they're still smelling like roses so
that's beautiful
and then down here I keep my back which
I just take to class
and then there's a little basket with my
scarf sin and
because as I said my space where
clothing was a bit restricted so I just
put them in here and I love these
baskets they're from Ikea they're super
easy to put together and I think they're
just great for organizing things in your
room I also have one down here under my
desk and I just keep all of my cables
and amp and you know you can just hide a
bit of the chaos that's in it because
it's a lot of kids in there but when you
look at it it looks quite fine because I
don't really want all the cables to lie
around down there because that's just a
bit of a mess so I prefer to keep them
in these baskets so yeah that is my room
at Cambridge I think it looks really
really amazing and I'm so grateful that
they gave me this room and I think it's
gonna be a lot of fun living in here so
yeah that's my room tour so yeah that's
it for the room tour I hope you guys
enjoyed it you guys are interested in
any of the things that I mentioned they
will be linked in the infobox below if I
still manage to find them on the
Internet
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and if you guys would like to know
more about my life here Cambridge and
how my set man and I are handling the
law cause then you can check out my blog
there's a playlist linked in the infobox
below
and I'm also pop-up in the endcard but I
think you guys so much for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed it have a
lovely day bye